## AWS Certified Developer Privacy Policy
Privacy Policy
AWS Certified Developer built the AWS Certified Developer app as a Commercial app. This SERVICE is provided by AWS Certified Developer and is intended for use as is.

The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at AWS Certified Developer unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.

#Header1 Information Collection and Use

This app does not collect any data from you and store it externally. The only data kept is stored internally on your iOS device and contains information related to your performance on the app, e.g. previous scores, topics taken, number of attempts made. No personally identifiable data is kept internally or externally.

Cookies

Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory.

This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.

Links to Other Sites

This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by me. Therefore, I strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. I have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.

Children’s Privacy

These Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. I do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. In the case I discover that a child under 13 has provided me with personal information, I immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact me so that I will be able to do necessary actions.

Changes to This Privacy Policy

I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.

Contact Us

If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact me at awscertifiedquiz@gmail.com.

This privacy policy page was created at privacypolicytemplate.net and modified/generated by App Privacy Policy Generator
